Reviewer: Hector Duran Text: Great fit and not too baggy. the only thing is if it had a thicker string to tight up the waist. might buy another pair but in another color. goes good with a casual fit. big boy approve
Reviewer: Christine Marie Text: The pants arrived on time, packaged well. My son loves the pants, however I must say the XXL although it fits him, he is tall waisted and the pants sit low so he can’t pull them up to completely cover his underwear. If you are tall waisted I wouldn’t recommend these. Other than that, I do recommend they are very comfortable nice pants.
Reviewer: Kriston B. Text: These pants after one wash and two wareings are great for work. I work in a mass production bakery, and these pants are part of a required color uniform. Pros: Many secured well made pockets for storage space. Light weight, breathable cotton More gray than blue, the picture shown is wrong. They are in fact correctly advertised as light gray. The hold up in traveling on a pedal bike. They are not sweatpants but can be exercised in. Well made. Looks great, many coworkers inquire about them. Has a waist tie, no belt required. Cons They shrink with standard cold wash for the first time. But two sizes up, after wash they will fit perfectly. Can not tumble dry, hand dry only. Can wrinkle and collect lint. Not dress pants. No fly zipper. Neutral The bottom ties are great for boots or work. Not so great for the casual warer.
Reviewer: DEBORAH MCILNAY HARPER Text: PURCHASED AS A GIFT FOR MY MOST PICKY 17 YEAR OLD GRANDSON WHO ABSOLUTELY CHOSE THESE PANTS AS HIS FAVORITE FROM ENTIRE GROUP I HAD ORDERED FOR HIM-THE ONLY ONE HE KEPT!
Reviewer: Brad Text: Cheap Chinese crap again. Product photo must be a 5’3” Asian male if it really fits that baggy on him. Worst pants I have ever bought before on Amazon. If you’re anything past 5’8” these pants will not work at all, the waist will be too wide before the inseam is long enough to cover the entirety of your leg. Either advertise it as a cargo capri lol or make the inseam options longer. Stupid manufacturer.
Reviewer: Josh (Xaminmo) Davis Text: these shrink a lot after the first wash. these bind on the front of the thighs, but not the back and on the back of the butt they feel like they try to drop. They're cut strange and it makes them feel like they are a size smaller than they are. And they have a taper, so if you have big calves, they will catch and ride up there as well. all of my other 3X joggers and sweatpants are super relaxed fit and these feel like they were designed to be skinny jeans for fat people. also, the hip pockets are pretty shallow. You can put a keychain or half of a small phone in it but then when you sit down, it's going to come out. The fire pockets are a good size, though. The Velcro is not quite as big in grabby as it should be.
Reviewer: Jose Cardona Text: These are better than I expected, so comfy and really good size chart. Can't wait to order a new one
Reviewer: John G. Text: This is my second pair I really like them and they are not to thick or too thin. Two things, I ordered a 2xl the first time and after several washes they did shrink a bit not enough that I can't wear but just enough that my next pair I bought I got a 3xl. Also the strings on the bottom of legs get cut out as soon as they get out of the bag I see no point in having them but I would recommend these pants to my friends. Thank you hope this helps.
Reviewer: Dylan Surovec Text: These are the best cargos ever. Fav pair of pants i own even tho i bought a size to small. Wearing now they’re great
Reviewer: DPayer Text: Let me start with what I like about these pants. The quality of the material is very good. The front pockets are nice and deep. The side pockets have velcro which always helps. Now for the Con. I ordered a XXL in size. And that's what the tag says. Usually I wear a size 44 waist. These pants are not XXL. More like L-XL. Disappointing. They ride a little low. But the main thing I can't understand is - There is NO FLY. Maybe in China that's acceptable but I've never had a pair of pants without a fly. Sweat pants yes, But the material and all the pockets would seem to indicate more of a work or casual pant style. If you can live with a sizing issue and no fly then you'll find these useful. I , for one, won't be buying anymore of these. I simply can not recommend them.
Reviewer: DPayer Text: Let me start with what I like about these pants. The quality of the material is very good. The front pockets are nice and deep. The side pockets have velcro which always helps. Now for the Con. I ordered a XXL in size. And that's what the tag says. Usually I wear a size 44 waist. These pants are not XXL. More like L-XL. Disappointing. They ride a little low. But the main thing I can't understand is - There is NO FLY. Maybe in China that's acceptable but I've never had a pair of pants without a fly. Sweat pants yes, But the material and all the pockets would seem to indicate more of a work or casual pant style. If you can live with a sizing issue and no fly then you'll find these useful. I , for one, won't be buying anymore of these. I simply can not recommend them.
Reviewer: m Text: great material and fit pants
Reviewer: J. C. Text: Good material, good fit, very clean and comfortable. pants
Reviewer: DEBORAH MCILNAY HARPER Text: PURCHASED THESE PANTS AS A GIFT FOR MY MOST PICKY 17 YEAR OLD GRANDSON WHO ABSOLUTELY CHOSE THESE PANTS AS HIS FAVORITE FROM ENTIRE GROUP I HAD ORDERED FOR HIM-THE ONLY ONE HE KEPT!
Reviewer: Darryl Edison Text: Love the colors and the style pants
Reviewer: angel Text: great pants material is a bit thin but that makes it more wearable during the summer
Reviewer: MatXhiAs Text: They are decent but they shrink real bad so get a bigger size than normal.
Reviewer: M.B. Text: Son enjoys them very much. Good fit and comfortable. cargo
Reviewer: Cart Tyree Text: I like these pants a lot but no matter how I wash and dry them they’ve all shrunk. Always wash cold and try air drying, delicate super delicate doesn’t matter they’ve all shrunk
Reviewer: Valerie Text: My son says they are comfortable and they fit great
Reviewer: Timothy Text: Fit great, material felt a little odd to what was expected. Hope the material doesn't breakdown after some washes. Overall nice all around wear for being joggers can still get away as work pants or other outdoor needs
Reviewer: Peanut Text: This was a gift I participated in a Secret Santa at work to donate for needy families. I received it on time and I am sure it put a smile on the young man I gave this to. I actually gave his entire family gifts so I hope they all enjoyed their gifts.
Reviewer: Michelle Muehling Text: The length shortens after first wash. So, be prepared for that. They do have strings at the bottom. So, they end up looking like long capris.
Reviewer: Amazon Customer Text: Size to small beware
Reviewer: Sylvia Rojas Text: Cargo's were great. My 13 year old son loved them but he is 6 feet tall. I washed and dry them and they shrunk. Definitely don't dry them in a dryer.
Reviewer: Ashley Cartwright Text: I bought these for my child. She loves them. They fit as expected. Great quality and style. She normally only wears bike shorts. These are her favorite. I had to buy her multiple pairs .
Reviewer: The Clarks Text: These have become my favorite work pants. They fit excellent, Have deep pockets, And are long enough to cover my ankles when Driving my forklift. Light enough for hotter weather, and just right if you want to wear an insulating layer underneath.
Reviewer: john rafaat Text: Fit as expected, great feel and fit cargo
Reviewer: lorreina Text: The top of the pants are like the material of maternity closes.
Reviewer: Amazon Customer Text: I suggest sizing up or on to wear them as a cinched jogger. The length shrunk a lot after the first wash.
Reviewer: Scott Alli P Text: Got for my son to use for school. When it's chilly outside. he likes it. Which is good cause it's kind of hard to please as a teenager.
Reviewer: Carrie P Text: I bought this because I wanted cargo pants that were longer. These pants were great, but since I am a women and these are men's pants they were very tight around the butt.
Reviewer: VBH Text: Bought them for a homeless man I have befriended…the pants are sturdy and the extra pockets give him a way to carry stuff
Reviewer: Don’t put these in the dryer… they will shrink Text: Air dry, don’t put them in the dryer unless you want to shrink them..
Reviewer: The Walker's Text: Amazon suggested an XL, I got the XXL and it fits well! I don't like the inside of the front pockets, they feel cheap, I don't think I'll be using the front pockets. The back pockets feel secure, the side cargo pockets feel secure. The pants are overall well made. However, I will be returning these. First wash and they not only SHRUNK (in cold water and the dryer) but they collect A LOT of lint so it gives the impression that they are dirty. These are great pants if you have lint rollers and constantly use them every time you walk, sit or come in from outside. Not what I expected. Wouldn't purchase again.
Reviewer: Deonta Delaney Text: They feel good and fit really good too
Reviewer: Tony P. Text: So far proving to be a good buying decision
Reviewer: Jaimeet Suri Text: Pretty comfortable pants and pretty spacious pockets with cargo hold. The pockets near the waist are a bit small but not a deal breaker
Reviewer: Dana Davis Text: These are nice but collect a ton of lint
Reviewer: Bismarck Romero Text: Pants will shrink on the first wash and continue to shrink after that.
Reviewer: Chris C Text: I really liked these pants from the get go and after wearing them to work a few times I washed them & they shrunk about a whole size and a half down. I can still wear them but it’s not as comfortable and not the fit I prefer, also the bottom hems shrunk up about 2-3 inches so they look too short on me. Wouldn’t purchase, spend a little more and get some nice cargos from H&M or somewhere else.
Reviewer: Amazon Customer Text: Definitely recommend. They are super comfortable and fit great. Wish the waist of the pants was a little longer, but definitely worth the price. Adjustable pants leg ends for all the short kings out there.
Reviewer: Island guy Text: I like the pants thickness ,color and pockets. Great for summer fishing where I live but the fake zipper was a problem. I had one installed and now they are perfect.
Reviewer: Juan Carlos Guzmán BM-165255 Text: Muy bueno pants
Reviewer: Carl Text: These are my son’s favorite pants now. He usually only wears sweatpants so it is nice to see him in something else.
Reviewer: James P Nemeth Text: I love these pants. I am 68 and fat, 3xl and love these pants. They are great for working outside to the bugs out since they have a easy tie string at the bottom. The easy tie string again at the waist is great too. The material is soft for all day wear especially on a hot day. James P. Nemeth USMC Retired
Reviewer: b.lady Text: These pants are great! Sturdy, durable and comfy they are just what he was looking for !
Reviewer: Argelia H. Text: The texture and quality is good even do is cheap. But the size is wrong.
Reviewer: Abdo Text: It is really good quality however it shrunk around the groin area and in length after a couple washes. I would just air dry it instead
Reviewer: Claudia Baston Text: Muy bueno. Como se ve en la foto.
Reviewer: Inifinte Rodriguez Text: These are my sons favorite pants now! 10 out of 10
Reviewer: D. Palmer Text: Purchased for my dad and read reviews and thought ok, seems like would be a good fit. Boy was I wrong. They arrived and had weird texture, and always wash clothes because they use sizing starch on fabrics. Cold wash, med dry and I swear the legs shrunk 3in. They are now Capri length. Wouldn't recommend them unless you are exceptionally short.
Reviewer: Larry shade Text: I like all the pockets and the comfortable fit. I use them when I fly because of the pockets and comfort
Reviewer: JJ Smith Text: Great quality of material. The size was a perfect fit for my son.
Reviewer: Otto mcconico Text: poor fit and very short in the legs if your tall
Reviewer: DJ B Breezy Text: It's not long enough. its stop a little over my ankle.
Reviewer: Shoe Girl Text: Great fit and presented well.
Reviewer: Jana Text: Es muy bonito y muy buena calidad lencanto ami hijo muy buena conpra
Reviewer: Chris Louk Text: N/a
Reviewer: jeffrey samples Text: Nicer in person then online
Reviewer: Venomenon Venomenon Text: if you are size 36 men, get a Size M!
Reviewer: Ethan Text: These are sweet and good for the price . 100% happy
Reviewer: Alethea Boateng Text: Nice clothes
Reviewer: Mutassim Daud Mutassim Daud Text: It shrinks after 1 or 2 wash. Not good quality's
Reviewer: Dave Text: Pants are awesome awesome
Reviewer: Denny Tapia Text: Lindo
Reviewer: tartumama Text: Don't bother ordering these for the price. Not only is the color awful, but the material and workmanship is cheap.
Reviewer: Regina Text: These shrink so much they’re unuseable.
Reviewer: Anthony Williams Text: You can tell they're very cheaply made by the fabric they are made out of. It's probably something I would not even buy from the Goodwill for the price. I will be returning them for a full refund. All the reviews are very deceitful they are not good pants I got one hand and there's nothing but a drawstring not even a button. I think you can buy a better pants at Walmart for even cheaper. I don't know what I was thinking there is a size chart in one of the review categories and I don't even know what to put because they have an elastic waistband.